Day
After all
Well together with everyone
Column width three dan
ano ang
Because I think there are a lot of people who don't know even if it's Hapifami dance
In
I'm a I have changed anything or already Ne Ja do a good laugh
It just feels hot It's not changing anything
So me look at this first, because I think that great do not know
Ha
me
amaran
What is rock only Mie-chan
ana
What plan do you see now
What a mission is mold
Unusual children and adults are delicious ohp Hapiba day who
New appearance Darkness t Do not say
It's called the present bell Happi fami dance
In but it is what that the tomb mirror element
Hey Actually
People who did it now movie
That person is like that I Toka do it by that dozen are pen teacher ty
Yeah it is said that the teacher through various dance Do I wonder and say, what wide Toka of
But there is no big deal compared to that
It splashed because I is first I teach everyone
To imitate
Let's try it
Let's see what we 're going to do First, let's check only the movements of our hands and feet
It is movement of foot by the net , but this is
This alone leg feathers that has passed is sufficient only this this
Base'm just hard to Den
It took 10 minutes for me to get rid of it
First of all I will go home
So this is the first 8 Fammy Happi Happi Fami Happi Fami
If you do this kind of feeling slowly
I 'll come back to the past late and come here at school and let's live again
Pretty quite of this repetition So
High
Yeah That's cone feeling
So it places I second Hapifami
Error that came I poppy with family
I have been breaking the school
High
high school
Late
I'll come back again with a feeling of matching schools
is
Let's do a cow rose with Happy Haa 3
Oh, where are you coming again?
Application
so
It feels like this continues for a while
Well cocoa
I guess this is difficult
He said little was chucking also myself
I 'm not familiar with it, but it's a feather
Well this is not the end of the street
Let's dance with the 1 where it was found with pretend
Music start o
Ah ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
By say
I was dancing
Agreement's
Oh, other than this
It's a trio of feet and I've done this exercise.
Minutes
It's a real legs become tight and keep doing all the way But
So I do this every month for the moon
As a bonus video here when moving to the next
Is the person who was said to the British the Zoo while ago Russia that teacher
I think so I will compare my dance with that
Yes
I feel like I can win
Because it is still a humble moment
I Let's try to do more quickly
Please hand-knit
Ha
me
amaran
What is rock only Mie-chan
me
What a rock I see
What mold looks like
I love children and adults co
Recipe Hapipapi eat Do not say See you new appearance darkness te
Ah ah ah ah
I
Stand things
to be able to do
What is that
Kagebun Perspective
Ah ah ah day
I 'm going to show you it right now
Eyes properly
I 'll go watch it without closing
Art of key division
Pom